# Proiect POO - Film Rental

1. ## Problem description  

    - Suppose the owner of a store like Hollywood Music&Film decides to buy an app that manages the rental of movies in the store.
    - The app is used by:  
        - the administrator who enters and updates information about the films in the store;
        - the cashier who uses the system to fulfill customer requests;
        - the customer accessing the app to rent movies
    - The films are available in 2 formats: DVD and video cassettes. Their rental depends on the existence of a subscription for a period of 8 or 12 months.
    - To obtain a subscription, the customer gives his Id card to the cashier. The cashier. The cashier enters the following customer's details into the system:
        - First name
        - Surname
        - ID series
        - ID number
        - Phone number
    - Each subscription has a unique number and the information is automatically printed by the application.
    - To rent a film, the customer chooses to see a list of all the films that can be rented. These lists are ordered by the name of the films. If the customer does not know the name of a film, they can specify only the category of the film (action, horror, romance, etc) or the year of production and the application displlays a list of films that meet the required crieria.
    - From these lists, the customer can choose a maximum of 5 films for which he must pay in advance. Knowing that the rental period is 7 days, the application calculates the rental cost by adding 1 RON/day for each cassette and 2 RON/day for each DVD. Once the customer decides to rent the tapes/DVDs, he pays the cashier an the system prints a receipt with the name if the films, the return date and the rental cost.
    - When the customer returns the rented movies, the cashier will notify the app which checks if the rental period has been exceeded. If so, the app will calculate the additional cost that the customer will be charged with, based on the number of days the period of has been exceeded. It will charge them with an additional 150% of the one-day rental price. If the customer loses a tape or DVD, the cost is 200% of the purchase price of the tape/DVD and the customer will receive a receipt containing information about the event. This operation is remembered by the application which updates the data.
    - The same stock update must operation can also be requested by the administrator. They can also request other operations such as: adding new movies, changing the number of copies, etc.

## Project requirements

1. The application must meet the princiokes of object-oriented-programming.
2. The application must perform all the functions specified in the problem description.
3. The application stores on external media (files) all the data necessary for its operation so that the existence of the data does not depend on the temporaty shutdown of the cumputer on which it runs.
4. Swing technology will be used to create the graphical interfaces of the application
5. No software programs will be used to create the graphical interfaces of the application.
6. Internal classes will be used to manage events generated by application users.
7. Dynamic collection of objects will be used to manage movies, rentals, etc.
